<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<body>
<h1>SAMANTHA MCDONOUGH</h1>
<h1>Who is samantha McDonough?</h1>
<p> I am a rough draft that is in a constant state of revision, I improve by seekning out life's adventures when ever possible.  Activities that nurture my multifarious array of interests are what drives me but they arnt't one thing and arn't predictable but they are what shaped me to be who I am.  I leap at opurtonities to further my understanding of who I am. So I am not one thing but a constant moving body made up of experiences, decisions and morals that arn't finite but ima 
<p>I am the interests I persue.  I expanded my intrege for the envirment by investing myself in Sierra club, this led to me taking on the club and becomepresident.  This furthered my interest in having leadership roles a school and in my life.  I had to learn to take control of my own life and decide what I was going to let me effect me and what I would let go because life is a journey filled with decisions that contribute to the neverending definition of an individual.  I love math and science so when I got the chance to nurture those interst in girlswhocode I took it. I strech Who you surround yourself with and what things you do or read or travel to or see or make is what defines you.  It is everyones responisblity to find what interests them and build themselves up to be the interesting person they are.  Following you passion where every it takes you is how you disscove not who you are but parts and pieaces of yourself because who you are is impossible to answer as we are constatly evolving and isn't made of one thing or three words as many want it to be but a collection of many things that takes a life time to sort out.Tennis, sierra club, leadership and coding they are my interests and they describe me but they arnt't who I am, I am who I because of so much more than that, my education, family, envirment, friends and eveyone who has inspired me puched me down.</p>
